🎨 refactoring node js tutorial (#151)
bcnmy/docs: docs/tutorials/React_vite/gasless-txn.md

```

> Congratulations you just created your first AA powered dApp. Users can now log in and have a smart account created for them and interact with a smart contract without the need to paying gas fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations you just created your first AA powered dApp. Users can now log in, have a smart account created for them, and interact with a smart contract without needing to pay gas fees.
```
